EDU-16964 - Atualizar documentação do sitemap (#181)
vtex-apps/store-sitemap: docs/README.md

   }
   ```

### Fetching custom routes in JSON format

The `vtex.store-sitemap` app exposes an API endpoint that allows you to retrieve route data in JSON format. This endpoint is useful for external sitemap generation or custom indexing workflows.

The endpoint returns a consolidated list of non-catalog routes, including:
- Routes defined via CMS and internal pages

> - Routes declared by installed apps in their build.json files

Author: ```suggestion
The endpoint returns a combination of routes defined via CMS and internal pages, and routes defined by installed apps in their `build.json` files.
```

   ]
   ```

  >ℹ️ Custom route generation is subject to internal limits. If you notice missing routes in the response, please contact VTEX Support.

>   

Author: ```suggestion
**Example response:**

>ℹ️ Custom route generation is subject to internal limits. If you notice missing routes in the response, please contact [VTEX Support](https://supporticket.vtex.com/support).

```json
[
{
"name": "apps-routes",
"routes": ["/store-locator/ny", "/store-locator/ca"]
},
{
"name": "user-routes",
"routes": ["/about-us", "/contact", "/faq"]
}
]
```
  
```
